Feature/post merge docs cleanup (#563)
zenml-io/zenml: examples/add_your_own/template_README.md

# <FITTING EMOJI] <NAME OF THE INTEGRATION AND WHAT IT DOES>

<MOTIVATION OF WHY THIS IS RELEVANT>

## 🗺 Overview

<HOW THIS INTERFACES WITH ZENML>

## 🧰 How the example is implemented

<WHAT SHOULD THE USER EXPECT WHEN GOING THROUGH THE EXAMPLE>

<HIGHLIGHT INTERESTING CODE SNIPPETS>

<OPTIONALLY SHOW INTERESTING GRAPHICS OF WHAT OUTPUT TO EXPECT>

> <IN CASE OF HIGH COMPLEXITY AN ARCHITECTURE DIAGRAM>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<IN CASE OF HIGH COMPLEXITY: AN ARCHITECTURE DIAGRAM>
```

# ☁️ Run in Colab

<ONLY WRITE THIS IF A NOTEBOOK IS SUPPLIED>

If you have a Google account, you can get started directly with Google Colab

- [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/zenml-io/zenml/blob/feature/main/examples/<INSERT
  THE PATH TO THE NOTEBOOK HERE>)

# 🖥 Run it locally

## ⏩ SuperQuick `<EXAMPLE_NAME>` run

> <ONLY ADD THIS SECTION IF A setup.sh FILE PRESENT FOR THE EXAMPLE>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<ONLY ADD THIS SECTION IF A setup.sh FILE IS INCLUDED IN THE EXAMPLE>
```

pip install zenml

# install ZenML integrations

> zenml integration install <NAME OF THE INTEGRATIONS>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
zenml integration install <NAMES OF THE INTEGRATIONS>
```
